can you do any can you do any acrobatic
sins into the sack like right Justin in
it whatever you want to do I mean you
ever you have a room full of sacks Wayne
I gotta believe that you know plenty of
sac tricks what do you guys think what
do you want to see you weigh and pull
off today every night in a sack that's
kind of it you're watching sleep yeah
you sass yeah I do yeah do you do any
did you do any flips or somersaults or
any-any anything crazy like that what's
that I had you okay I want to get I want
to get I want to get you doing the
flying squirrel under sack mr. Wayne
vaughan doing the sack attack alright
man go for it yo you're a crazy man
you're a crazy man alright buddy it's
freaking good to see you man mr. Wayne
Vaughn the number one number one can be
number one number one sack fan right
here he's got more sacks in any right
yep
sauce
yeah dude I am loving it Oh as a solo
the sauce
yeah this is so rocker yeah yeah dude
that was freakin rocker